ANNOUNCER: How are
you and TJ, Maddie?
I come home and I feel
like I barely exist.
Maybe you need
something like this.
Why are you wearing that?
Is there something wrong?
It feels like TJ
could care less.
I wanted to come
up here and ask
for your blessing to marry Eva.
You know what, no.
Flat no.
This is my number one priority.
I'm not going to listen
to you guys over her.
You disrespected me, you
disrespected the family.
I love this man.
I want to spend the rest
of my life with him.
If my family can't accept
that, then that's on them.
Hey.
Natter.
My first time in here.
Yeah.
Try not to break the seat.
I came home today, and I
watched TV for five seconds
and fell asleep.
I just feel like I haven't
been giving TJ enough, like,
attention, but I just
haven't had time.
I feel like that too.
You and I actually are in
like a very similar situation.
You've been with
John for awhile.
I've been with TJ for
well over a decade.
How long have you
guys been engaged for?
Two years now.
Going on two years.
Has it really been that long?
Yes.
Oh, my gosh.
Isn't that horrible?
Oh, god.
John and I have been
together going on five years.
We've never set a
date for our wedding
because our schedules
are so busy.
-Hi!
-What's up?
How you doing?
I miss you.
We were just talking about you.
Good shot, girl.
Bam!
Oh!
Koren, I might just--
I might just steal John.
Hey, let me do something.
If I make this ball in--
If you make this ball
in, you have to get
married in the next six months.
I'm down with that.
Nattie!
What are you doing!
[THEME MUSIC] Ain't
gonna stop me now.
EVA MARIE: Babe, my
stomach is killing me.
You're really swollen.
I'm not trying to freak you out.
I have no idea.
It's not like--
It's not normal.
I've never seen
it like this ever.
I know.
We really need to get you
to the doctor like ASAP
EVA MARIE: Last night,
I was in horrible pain,
and I have no idea
what's going on.
I feel like I'm dying.
Like, I woke up this morning,
and my stomach was so huge.
It looked like I was pregnant.
My stomach legit feels
like a [BEEP] balloon.
Peing blood is gigantic.
We need to figure
out what it is.
EVA MARIE: What if I have,
like, something ruptured.
I don't even want you
thinking that right now.
EVA MARIE: Jonathan is
rushing me to the emergency.
I'm in so much pain,
and I have no idea why.
I look at my stomach,
and it's deformed.
Like, it's completely
scary, like I'm scared.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I need to get back to Cali.
I know, with that
nice, warm weather.
Uh-huh.
Hey, guys.
Hey, Nattie.
Ooh, look at those pants.
Bet you better work.
I'm calling her shoes.
I love it.
You're spoiled.
I love that.
We should be spoiled.
[INAUDIBLE] spoiled with love.
I love it.
Really?
We had a lot of
making up to do.
So how was last night with TJ?
Just--
She doesn't know
what doggie-style is.
Shut up.
First of all, I--
You didn't ask
me what doggie is.
[LAUGHTER]
Nattie needs to get
outside of her box.
She needs to let loose.
She needs get free.
She needs get crazy.
Nattie, show me.
Excuse me, Sir.
Maybe we can have him show us.
[NATTIE]: Nicole!
Whoa, Brie.
What?
Brie, Nattie did
know doggie-style.
No, Brie.
I did.
Brie, show her.
Go.
Oh my God Brie, there's
people behind you.
Gosh, you're in a little dress.
Well, you told me.
I didn't know you were
really going to do it.
Oh my gosh.
I may be conservative.
But I may be your average
little vanilla latte.
But I would rather be a vanilla
latte than a frappuccino
with all fixings,
spilling my guts
and making a complete
jackass of myself.
Brian, come here.
Nattie didn't know
what doggie-style was.
Really?
Yeah.
I knew it as a child because
I saw my dogs have sex.
OK.
And I needed to figure
out how they were stuck.
They were literally
stuck for an hour.
Remember?
-Wait.
What?
Our dogs had sex one
time, and they were stuck
together for like an hour.
OK.
Are you saying to me
dog semen is like glue?
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
JON: Good morning.
Wouldn't you want to
do this all the time?
Yeah.
And kiss me every single day?
Of course, Baby.
That's not a problem.
We've been shaking up
for four years now.
Now it's time to
change the game up.
John and I are
finally going to do it.
We're going to take off
three days from work.
We're going to fly to Hawaii.
Babe, I'm ready.
I'm ready.
For real?
For real.
-Yes.
-For real.
It was hard enough us
getting these days off,
but it would've been even harder
to try to get all the girls off
and to the wedding.
So we decided to just have a
small but beautiful wedding.
I'm thinking Mom,
Dad, Candy, Uncle Buck,
my brother, my other brother.
How about you?
Just my brothers.
My brothers and my mom.
--OK.
How about your dad?
Umm-- No, we're not
down on the same page.
And it's always been like that.
Rikishi is John's dad.
He's a huge name in the WWE.
I'm not sure what Jon's
relationship is with his dad.
I know they haven't
spoken much, but we
will see him Old School
Raw, which is a night
when all the legends return.
And I think it'll be the perfect
opportunity for us to talk
to him about the wedding.
I'll feel better if you go up
to your dad and say, "Hey, Dad.
I'm getting married.
I would like for you come
to my wedding and be there.
OK.
Just like that.
For you, I'll do it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I just want to know
what's going on.
Yeah.
I'm freaking out because
the pain is so bad.
I just want the doctor to
figure out what's going on.
Hello.
I'm Dr. Weight.
Hi.
And what are you
here for today?
Well, my stomach is
just uncomfortably full.
And the I get like
shooting pains.
Where it like- it
stops me in my tracks.
Like I missed my
flight this morning
because I realized that I
like had-- was peeing blood.
So you had bright red blood?
Or was it blood tinged?
Bright red.
OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's possible that you could
be developing an ovarian cyst.
We would need to do a
pelvic sonogram right away.
-OK.
Thank you.
All right.
You're welcome.
Immediately I think
about my job, WWE.
What is this going to do to me?
Like, I'm brand new.
I'm constantly trying
to prove myself.
I can't really afford this
happening to me right now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
That should be good.
OK.
I'm just measure the cervix.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
OK.
Yeah, there was a cyst and
it looks like it ruptured.
The doctor said that I
have a cyst on my ovaries.
And what caused my stomach
to distend was that it burst,
and I have all this fluid.
The treatment is
I basically have
to stay bedridden and let
my body absorb all the fluid
from the ruptured cyst.
I need to call WWE.
[KISS]
This will be the only
Raw you miss, baby.
I hope so.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Welcome, everybody
to Old School Raw.
We are live in Baltimore.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome the nature
boy, Rick Flair!
Welcome to Old School Raw.
Woohoo!
There you are.
I've been looking for you.
Have you talked your dad yet?
Babe, you know how it is.
Me and dad been like
on rocky waters.
All that doesn't
matter at this point.
This is about us spending the
rest of our lives together.
And I want the most important
people in our lives to be
there and be a part of it.
I really want Jon's
dad to be there.
But he seems like he's
like hesitant and afraid
to invite him to the wedding.
I'm just concerned.
It's because he's
Samoan and I'm not.
But I don't get why
you just can't go now.
Because that's all I been
thinking about all day.
All right.
I'll do it.
Stop being stubborn.
All right.
Come on.
I love you.
You're right.
It's the most important
day of our lives
and we've got to go do this.
[APPLAUSE]
Oh, here we go!
Rikishi!
You want to talk
about old school?
Here's that man!
[BELL RINGING]
ANNOUNCER: 3MB taking
on Too Cool and Rikishi.
Oh!
Here we go!
And here comes Rikishi!
Rikishi here.
No, no.
Oh no.
Rock and roll just died.
No winners of this match.
Too Cool.
Too Cool and Rikishi breaking
it down here on Old School Raw!
Rikishi finishes his
match, and now I'm
excited because I know this
is our opportunity to talk
to him now about the wedding.
How do I look with
this XL shirt on?
You look good.
-Look good?
-Look real good.
-You like it?
-Yeah.
All right, man.
Just, uh-- Just wanted, uh--
Why are you so afraid
to let your dad know?
I'm wondering if John
knows that his family
may not accept me.
Hello.
I get the news about my test.
What exactly does that mean?
I'm, like, freaking out.
TRINITY: Aloha.
I am beyond excited
to get married.
Welcome to Maui.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What's up?
Just wanted, uh--
We've got an important
event coming up next week.
Yeah, Dad.
We're getting married
next week and want
to know you can make it.
Uh--
I know it's hard for him to
express that, and you too,
but I really wouldn't
feel comfortable
if I didn't have your approval
and if you weren't there.
Number one, I'm proud and
I'm happy for you guys.
Um.
This is shocking.
You know, I just got
through with the match here.
And then, I'm getting
hit with this.
I just want you
guys to be happy.
I know I have had a
whole lot of time with you
and for you to get to know me.
But it would mean the world
for me to have you there,
but I know it'll mean even
more for him to have you there.
You know, I want to be there.
It's one of these days where
it's an important big day.
And just thank you
for considering me.
This business is
a hard business.
You guys are going
to be on the road.
There's a lot.
I mean, I ain't
gotta tell you kids.
You know what time it is.
Congratulations.
I love you guys.
I am so relieved.
My concern is just having
Jon's family's blessing
with us getting married.
Keep me contact.
Let me know I've got to go
get me a white colored suit
or something.
Lord have mercy.
-All right, Dad.
-Love you guys.
Love you, too.
Love you.
You almost cry?
I almost cried.
That wasn't hard, was it?
No, it wasn't.
Yay,
Let go do this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Today is my follow
up appointment.
I'm going to see the specialist
and figure out what's
really going on inside me.
Thank goodness WWE is awesome.
And they're giving me the time--
you know, they want me to heal.
OK.
Now scoot down to the end of
the table a little bit more.
I just going to take
some measurements.
Feel that fluid?
Mm-hmm.
I've made an observation
about-- something
about your uterus.
A little deviation of normal
happened in your cavity.
It didn't-- form exactly
like a regular cavity.
Either most uteruses
look like a pear.
And yours, it's just
got a little bit--
we call it a bicornuate.
It means it sort of
has like two peaks
in it instead of smooth top.
So we would just
watch it more closely.
The doctor tells me that I
have a miss-shaped uterus.
And more tests need
to be performed,
and then she'll get back to me.
So I'm feeling even
worse about it.
Got it.
OK?
Yeah, I'm just-- I
guess I'm just shocked.
Yeah.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Holler, bitches!
Oh [BLEEP]
Here comes the sun.
Workout outfit.
Yes.
You're ready for
that jazzercise class.
I've got to look cute
when I'm working out.
Nattie, show us how you get
in position for doggie, girl.
Ari, I have come to accept the
fact that once you get married,
you know, it is the way
it-- it is what it is.
I'm not, like,
Nattie, no.
You get married and
it gets even better.
Yeah, it does.
Every day.
And then you can experience and
do the craziest and nastiest
things that you would
never do with anyone else
because it's your husband.
I've been there, Nattie.
Like, I totally get it.
I just experienced then,
since going to sex therapy.
How often do you masturbate?
Mm.
I want you to go
and get a vibrator.
I want you to read dirty books.
If it can work for
me, girl, then I know
it can definitely work for you.
We're going to call
Doctor Milrod right now.
No, Ari.
No.
The fact that you have a
sex therapist on speed dial
scares me.
Just talk to her for a second.
[PHONE RINGING]
[DOCTOR MILROD (ON PHONE):Hello.
Hi Doctor Milrod.
[DOCTOR MILROD (ON
PHONE):Hi, Ariane.
How can I help you?
Well, I just was calling you
because I have a girlfriend who
I think would actually be--
you know, benefit from your sex
therapy Nattie, say hi.
Hey, Dr. Milrod.
It's nice to hear your voice.
[DOCTOR MILROD (ON
PHONE): Hi Nattie.
How are you?
Good.
[DOCTOR MILROD (ON PHONE): Good.
Ariane means well.
Like, she doesn't
understand that I
have a really busy schedule.
[DOCTOR MILROD (ON
PHONE): Well, I guess
I'll have to come see you.
I mean, if that's OK with you.
Like that's probably the only
way that I could do this.
Yes.
[DOCTOR MILROD (ON PHONE): OK.
I'm ready to help.
Maybe Ariane and
Nikki have a point.
Maybe TJ and I do
need to spruce things
up and try different stuff.
And maybe this sex
therapist can be beneficial.
Maybe you could put
your wrestling outfit on.
I actually like to
do that with Jon.
Oh my God.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hello.
OK.
I get this phone
call about my tests.
What exactly does that mean?
Are you sure?
OK.
The news that I get is bad news.
And news that I
don't really want
to even tell Jonathan about.
It breaks my heart.
I'm, like, freaking out
because I don't really
know how he's going to react.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Are your parents in already?
My dad got in yesterday.
You heard from Kish?
He's coming?
So, how can I help you?
I-- I really don't even know
why this little meeting's going
down, to be honest.
I don't think there's any
kind of problem at all.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey, Babe.
How you doing?
Um.
OK.
I went and got you a
drive-through medicine.
Oh, nice.
How's your stomach.
It that thing still swollen?
Mm, so swollen.
And I feel like
it's not going down.
Do we need to call
the doctor or anything?
Well, I talked to doctor today.
And then-- just because the
swelling isn't going down.
But then she told me
that, like, in the future,
I potentially could,
like, not have kids.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And I know that having --
that's like all you want.
Yeah.
And now I might not be
able to give it to you.
I may not be able
to have children,
and that's the one thing that
he really wants in his life.
And if I can't give that to him,
then I'm going to feel like he
made a mistake on marrying me.
That's huge.
Like, not being
able to have kids.
That's-- that is a lot
information right now.
That really is.
Like, and it's heavy.
And I'm not really quite sure,
like, how to process it all.
But the one thing that
I want you to know
is that me and you are good.
Like, with the kid
situation, that's heavy.
It really is.
But that's not today.
Today is this.
Today is what's going
on in you, right now.
When it comes down to
the time to have kids,
I want to go to a
specialist about that
and make sure that we
have all the information.
Or see what the other
options are later on.
You're going to be OK.
I love you like crazy.
I love you.
I'm just super overwhelmed.
I'm a bit--
Yeah, so you need to be worried
about you right now, not me.
Have you told your mom
this thing about the kids?
Mm-mm.
Usually in this
situation, my family would
be right there by my side.
But I don't have that right now.
Enough is enough.
Apples and oranges.
You disrespected me.
You disrespected the family.
That's it.
It's done.
They disowned me.
We're not on good terms.
We're not even speaking.
You're in a really
difficult spot.
So if having your mom out
here is going to help you,
then I want that to happen.
I don't know.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Thank you.
Aloha.
Aloha, Sir.
-Aloha.
-Thank you.
Hey, man why don't
you want to give
me one of one of these, though.
When it's your time.
Get up off my stuff.
All right.
Let's go.
Finally here.
Finally made it to Maui.
I am beyond excited
to get married.
Welcome to Maui, [INAUDIBLE]
Hawaii is absolutely
breathtaking.
I've never seen anywhere
as beautiful as this place.
That [BLEEP] is beautiful, man.
Hey, Trin, are your
parents in already?
My dad got in yesterday.
You heard from Kish?
You know when his flight get in?
No.
Coming?
Yeah, he's supposed to be.
I definitely think it's
weird that Jon and his dad
are not communicating
with each other.
I just hope everything's
going to be OK,
and everybody makes it.
I want to see
what this crib look
like, you know what I'm saying?
Let's do this.
Come on, Jonny.
Oh, wow!
Holy [BLEEP] Oh.
Welcome to the white house.
Hell yeah.
We'll stay here, Babe.
Oh, [BLEEP] I'm going to
sleep on this all night.
We are going to
stay at this place we
found called the White House.
The wedding will be in the
backyard on the ocean front
and this is
absolutely beautiful.
I'm happy we're here.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
RECEPTIONIST (ON
PHONE): Does 3:30 work?
That would be great.
RECEPTIONIST (ON PHONE): All
right, we'll see you soon.
Feel better.
OK, thanks.
RECEPTIONIST (ON PHONE): OK.
Bye bye.
-Bye.
Did you go talk to the doctor?
I didn't get to talk
to, like, the doctor.
I just made an appointment.
Have you talked
to your mom, yet?
No.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Right now, you're sick.
Your mom is your best friend.
Your mom is who you lean on.
And your not calling her
because of some stupid
argument that's
bull-bull-[BLEEP] compared
to what's going on right now.
Sack it up and give
me the phone and I'll
start the dialogue
because you're
clearly not going to do it.
I don't think I like the
way you're talking to me.
way you're being stubborn
about something that's stupid.
And I don't want to fight
with you about this.
But I don't think not
talking to your mom
and letting her know
that you had a very, very
serious medical
condition happen and you
may not be able to have kids.
Like, why wouldn't you
tell her about that?
I kind of am scared
to talk to my mom.
And wanted it to be on
better terms than this.
But everything's been
so scary and traumatic.
Not only mentally,
but physically.
And, obviously I'm not OK.
I feel like I need my mom.
Hi, this is, uh, Jonathan.
I'm calling off of Eva's phone.
EVA'S MOM (ON PHONE): OK.
So, first thing.
Everything is OK.
But, um, there was a bit
of a scare the other day.
So I know that we didn't
leave on the best terms.
But at the end of the
day, she loves you.
She misses you.
Your her best friend.
And you're the only one that
can really comfort her on that--
on that motherly level.
Um, I'm a man.
I'm trying my best.
But I'm not her mom.
EVA'S MOM (ON PHONE): Well, I
can appreciate that Jonathan.
Thank you for the call.
But now I need to speak to her.
Hi, Mom.
EVA'S MOM (ON
PHONE): How are you?
I have been a lot better.
EVA'S MOM (ON PHONE):
And so have we.
But, here we are.
You finally-- you know,
find yourself in a position
that you thought that you could
live without your parents.
Now, something's gone wrong.
Here we are.
There's something we
could do to this house.
We could sex proof it.
OK.
The office is all
about rear entry.
Gotcha.
Your dad ain't here.
He should be here.
Jon's dad still
hasn't arrived yet.
Do you know if he's
coming or not coming?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
EVA'S MOM (ON
PHONE): You haven't
called or had any contact.
Now you're calling.
Am I not right?
Yes, because I need you.
[EVA'S MOM (ON
PHONE): What's wrong?
Last week my stomach
was, like, really hurting.
Jonathan took me to the ER.
I had a massive cyst
that had ruptured.
And then they found
out, like, my uterus is,
like, miss-shaped or,
like, not normal as, like,
every other woman's.
So when I go to have, like,
children, or whatever, it
could be, like, not possible.
EVA'S MOM (ON PHONE):
Are you hanging in there?
You doing OK?
No.
Well, first of all, you know,
yes, I'm sorry I haven't
heard from you or anything.
But, I've missed you.
And I'm always your mother.
I love you more than anything.
So you'll be fine.
Don't worry about it.
We will be there ASAP.
We'll handle it together.
OK.
EVA'S MOM (ON PHONE):
I'm your mama.
OK.
I love you.
EVA'S MOM (ON PHONE):
i love you more.
Bye.
I feel better that
I talked to her.
Good.
Definitely.
She doesn't like you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[DOORBELL RING]
Oh, man.
TJ, be nice.
Yeah, thanks Nat.
-Hi.
-Are you Doctor Milrod?
-Yes.
I'm Nattie.
Come on in.
Um-
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Doctor Milrod.
Ariane and Vinnie do seem
noticeably happier since they
visited with Doctor Milrod.
So I thought it couldn't hurt
to have her come and meet
with TJ and myself.
So TJ, how can I help you?
I really don't even know
why this little meeting's
going down to be honest.
I think it's-
TJ be nice.
I'm not being rude.
I'm just saying that
I don't think there's
any kind of problem at all.
I think that we
could just kind of
spruce things up a little bit.
It's almost like going to see
a personal trainer and somebody
giving you different work out.
A sex trainer.
Right.
TJ, I want you to get
excited about this.
Well on that note-
OK.
There's something
we could actually
do to this beautiful house.
We could sex proof it.
OK.
So, should we start
with the kitchen?
Sure.
Yay!
What I suggest for the
kitchen is the sex farm.
You, TJ, are the farmer.
And you, Nattie,
are the milkmaid.
OK.
You take the banana and put
it in a very interesting place.
And then you can
actually eat the banana.
That interesting
place could be-
The interesting
place is actually you.
OK.
Oh, look at this.
The office is all
about rear entry.
Gotcha.
Here we are in the hallway.
And this is where the
postman always comes twice.
In this game, you
leave the door open.
And you're going to get
down and do it, right
here, right on this floor.
With the neighbors watching.
Right.
Yeah.
She's a little
kinky, this woman.
I'm not against trying
things out of my element,
but she's suggesting
that we open the door
and have sex in the
middle of our dining room.
Because we really want
the neighbor's kids
and their disgusting gross dog
that takes poops on my lawn
to see us having sex.
You met when you work
very, very, very young.
Right.
Did you have to sneak around?
Yeah.
We are going to go
back to that night.
The very first time
that you got together.
What happened during
that first night?
Um, I don't know.
I think- TJ, do you
remember that night?
Yeah I remember very clearly.
Tell me.
Everything just really
did just kind of happen.
It wasn't like we
went on some date.
I liked her way
before she liked me.
We'd been roommates
for awhile, where,
like, you'd sleep beside each
other and it wasn't a big deal,
right?
Then, for some reason, that
night, everything changed.
Just kissing started going down
out of the blue on both ends.
And did you think she was cute?
Yeah, of course.
Was she hot?
Absolutely.
Did she just make
your heart pound?
Yeah.
It actually kind of surprised
me that TJ is being so romantic
and talking about
those special moments
that I've actually forgotten.
That TJ holds so
close to his heart.
I have to admit
that I am turned on.
Maybe talking to
Doctor Milrod is
what TJ and I needed to kind of
like rejuvenate our sex life.
It's definitely
given me some ideas.
I think he's getting
turned on now just
sitting like this with you.
Yeah.
It's fabulous.
What erotic chemistry
you both have!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Whoa.
All right.
Never mind.
Cheers to my daughter, Jon.
Thanks, Dad.
It's family for life.
Our families are interacting
and meeting each other.
This just makes me so happy.
But Jon's dad still
hasn't arrived yet.
So I'm wondering,
why isn't he here?
You all know what's the
deal with Pops coming?
Want to sit down?
Your dad ain't here.
He should be here.
Like, is there something
I don't know about?
Or-- Everybody's
here except for him.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
He ain't coming.
He's not?
Is it because of me?
I honestly don't know why
Jon's dad isn't coming.
I hope it's not because
he doesn't approve of me.
Did you have an orgasm?
Um--
Did he hit it from
the back, girl?
TJ and I decided to
try some role playing.
You look amazing, Trinity.
I'm so nervous.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please stand.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
He ain't coming.
He's not?
Is it because of me?
He has a last minute appearance.
You know, he should be here.
He's seriously--
he's loosing out.
His-- out of all
of his sons, I'm
the first one getting married.
He should-- He
supposed to be here.
But he ain't.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I could just say,
he ain't here.
I mean I am.
I'm so happy for you guys.
Especially you, Jon.
You're my twin, man.
Like-- my whole life
has been with you.
You know-- my whole
life has been with you.
The first time I came
down to the temple,
and I saw you two
together, I automatically
knew you loved each other then.
Our pops ain't here.
But he ain't going to stop this.
We got everybody in that
house that loves you guys.
That means a lot to me
coming from you because I know
how much you love this one.
I love you, too.
And I love you back.
Your ass is in the family, now.
I know.
To know that Jon's twin, who
is his other half, accepts
me means a lot to me.
I'm surrounded by those that Jon
loves and cares about the most.
And that's enough for me.
Well that makes me feel better.
Yeah, man.
You mean everything to me.
I love both of you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Woo.
Hey, Girly.
I was like, whoa.
I've just got to come over
here because I have to know how
Doctor Milrod's session was.
She was just so-- she
was, like, I want to make
your house more romantic.
So she goes in the kitchen,
and she's like I want TJ to put
the banana somewhere bad.
It was just awkward.
TJ was, basically, like,
turning bright red.
And so we went and took a
whole tour of our house.
I would do anything to see it.
I will say that we actually,
like, TJ and I actually
had a good night because of it.
Did you have an orgasm?
Um.
Did he hit it from
the back, girl?
Cow, cow, cow.
Of course the girls
want to know everything,
but I don't want to tell them.
TJ and I decided to
try some role playing.
Are you ready to
break and enter?
Break and enter.
Basically, I was this
little innocent school girl.
And TJ was the big, bad burglar.
Oh now, is someone there?
[LAUGHTER]
I think that it
definitely got excited.
But I'm not talking
about my sex life.
For me, it's, like, what
happens in Vegas stays
in Vegas, sort of thing.
I'm going to get a drink.
[LAUGHTER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The crowd's reacting good.
Damn, she's on fire tonight.
She looks great.
Oh, I think she might have
gotten a little something
something last night.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Aloha!
Feel the love, Jon?
Yes.
I'm so nervous.
You look amazing, Trinity.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Ready to go.
[DOORBELL RING]
Oh, gees.
The last time I saw my family,
they walked out on Jonathan
and I. So I'm scared.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I am so ready to do this.
Come on, Dad.
I see my dad just bawling
and breaking down.
Like, it really gets me.
I immediately get
teary and watery-eyed.
I love you, Dad.
I love you, too.
Always been good.
He feels like he's
losing his baby.
But he'll never lose me.
You've done so good, Trinity.
You've done so good.
You do everything right.
You even chosed a good mate.
I super love you.
OK.
Ready?
Yeah.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Ladies and gentlemen,
please stand.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It is more beautiful than I
even imagined that it would be.
The sun is shining on us.
And we have all our loved
ones and our families there.
It couldn't be more perfect.
May I ask you to give
this beautiful bride to be
wedded to this handsome man?
-I do, her father.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I love you, Jon.
I love you, too.
Take care of my baby.
I will.
Today is a celebration
of stepping forward.
I'm sure there's a lot
more people around who
wish they could be here.
But this moment on
it's all about creating
some beautiful memories.
This is harder than I thought.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I just want you
to know I'm always
going to be here for you, Trin.
I love you so much.
I love you, too.
I'm so grateful
I found wrestling.
Because it brought me to you.
I know I'm no walk on the
beach, but you never judge me.
And I'll never give
up on you as long
as you don't give up on me.
I won't.
And I look forward to
this journey with you
through life as my best friend.
I love you with all my heart.
I love you, too.
Jon, I'm going to
ask you-- do you
wish for this beautiful woman,
Trinity, to be your wife?
If so, please say, "I do."
I do.
Trinity, do wish for
this handsome man, Jon
to be your husband, if
so, please say, "I do."
I do.
With authority given unto
me by the state of Hawaii,
I do pronounce.
that this is Mr. And Mrs. Fatu.
Woo!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
How's your stomach feeling?
Mm, OK.
Can you eat food?
Or no?
No.
Can I have, actually,
a sip of that?
Yeah.
It's really hot.
Just be careful.
[DOORBELL RING]
Oh, gees.
Uh-oh.
World war three.
You want to stay
and I'll do it?
Yeah.
The last time I saw my family,
they basically walked out
on Jonathan and I. So I'm scared
because the last thing I need
is stress.
Like, I'm [BLEEP]
sick right now.
I don't know.
We'll see what happens.
How's Eva?
Where is Eva?
Hi, Mom.
How are you?
What's going on?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
How's Eva?
Where is Eva?
Hi, Mom.
How are you?
What's going on?
My stomach was bothering me.
I didn't think anything of it.
So then on Thursday,
I wake up to go train.
And literally, I looked like
I was carrying like a six
month old baby in my stomach.
Really?
Yes.
Then they find that I
had a cyst on my ovaries.
You need to jump on it.
Take care of it.
Not just one opinion.
Couple of opinions.
So we've actually
been pretty proactive.
I mean, we've gone to
three different doctors
so far the past four days.
If he wasn't here, I
literally, probably
would have died on the floor.
Because there's no way in
hell that I could have driven.
My body looked crazy.
Just so you guys to know,
like, whatever needs to get
done for her, will get done.
I'll do anything that I possibly
can to make sure she's OK.
Whatever she needs, that's
my life right there.
I don't think that I
would've been OK without him.
Its a big deal to me.
It's a big deal to us.
In my mind, I didn't know
what I was coming into.
When we come back
here today, like,
mm, do I have to jump on
the [BLEEP] damn airplane
every time something's
going on out here.
It seems like every time we
come out here, it's a bomb.
But hopefully we can get into
happy days instead of bombs.
But it's certainly
nice coming in here,
seeing her comfortable.
Seeing that you're
trying to take
care of business-- not trying
to take care of business.
Taking care of business.
Looks like you're crossing
one of the many hurdles
that you're going to cross in--
Just the beginning.
In your life.
It's the beginning.
I love you.
Last time I saw them,
it was, like, horrible.
But now, it's like
[SIGH] it's my family.
I get like all warm inside
because my dad's kind
of breaking down that
wall a little bit.
That's all I really
want in my life,
is us to just be happy together.
If you love somebody as
much as I love your father
and, obviously,
Jonathan loves you.
It doesn't matter.
When you're down, we're there.
We don't think about ourselves.
Oh, baby, you know I love
it when you talk like that.
[LAUGHTER] Oh my God.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Um.
I'm not good with speeches.
I just want to say, Trinity,
welcome to the family
and, um, thank you for
being in my son's life.
You guys were made
for each other.
It's all right, Mom.
Aw.
And Trinity, I
promise you, he will
take such good care of you.
Oh yeah.
It's all good.
Cheers!
I wish there was another
word, other than love,
to describe how I feel for Jon.
I feel like love doesn't
explain or describe
what I feel for him.
I look forward to our
beautiful future together.
Please hurry up and
have some babies.
Whoa!
This is what life is all about.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
ANNOUNCER: Next
time on Total Divas.
Thank you for the money.
Oh yeah, no problem.
I know nothing of this.
You became my accountant
all of a sudden?
I am your wife.
I'm more important
than your accountant.
Nice to meet you.
Brie and I are on the set of
Tre Songz's music video shoot.
I'm super excited to
go house sit for Nattie.
Have you guys seen the cat?
Nattie is going to kill me.
Has anybody seen Nattie's pussy?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org